gh-100228: Document the os.fork threads DeprecationWarning. (#109767)
python/cpython: Doc/library/os.rst

   .. audit-event:: os.fork "" os.fork

   .. warning::

>       If you use TLS sockets in an application calling ``fork()`` see
>       the warning in the :mod:`ssl` documentation.

Reviewer: Are we able to link to a more specific target for the SSL warning than the module itself?
```suggestion
      If you use TLS sockets in an application calling ``fork()``, see
      the warning in the :mod:`ssl` documentation.
```

   .. versionchanged:: 3.8
      Calling ``fork()`` in a subinterpreter is no longer supported
      (:exc:`RuntimeError` is raised).

   .. versionchanged:: 3.12
      If Python is able to detect that your process has multiple
      threads, :func:`os.fork` now raises a :exc:`DeprecationWarning`.

      We chose to surface this as a warning, when detectable, to better
      inform developers of a design problem that the POSIX platform
      specifically notes as not supported. Even in code that
      *appears* to work, it has never been safe to mix threading with
      :func:`os.fork` on POSIX platforms. The CPython runtime itself has
      always made API calls that are not safe for use in the child
      process when threads existed in the parent (such as ``malloc`` and
      ``free``).

      Users of macOS or users of libc or malloc implementations other
      than those typically found in glibc to date are among those
      already more likely to experience deadlocks running such code.

      See `this discussion on fork being incompatible with threads
      <https://discuss.python.org/t/33555>`_

>       for technical details of why we're surfacing this long standing

Reviewer 2: Could be hyphenated, I prefer as one word. Style guides differ. 
```suggestion
      for technical details of why we're surfacing this longstanding
```

>       We chose to surface this as a warning, when detectable, to better
>       inform developers of a design problem that the POSIX platform
>       specificly calls this out as not supported. Even in code that
>       *appears* to work, it has never been safe to mix threading with
>       :func:`os.fork` on POSIX platforms. The CPython runtime itself has
>       always made API calls that are not safe for use in the child
>       process when threads existed in the parent (such as ``malloc`` and
>       ``free``).
> 
>       Users of macOS or users of libc or malloc implementations other
>       than those typically found in glibc to date are among those
>       already more likely to experience deadlocks running such code.
> 
>       See `this discussion on fork being incompatible with threads
>       <https://discuss.python.org/t/concerns-regarding-deprecation-of-fork-with-alive-threads/33555>`_
>       for technical details of why we're surfacing this long standing
>       platform compatibility problem to developers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      We chose to surface this as a warning, when detectable, to better
      inform developers of a design problem that the POSIX platform
      specifically notes as not supported. Even in code that
      *appears* to work, it has never been safe to mix threading with
      :func:`os.fork` on POSIX platforms. The CPython runtime itself has
      always made API calls that are not safe for use in the child
      process when threads existed in the parent (such as ``malloc`` and
      ``free``).

      Users of macOS or users of libc or malloc implementations other
      than those typically found in glibc to date are among those
      already more likely to experience deadlocks running such code.

      See `this discussion on fork being incompatible with threads
      <https://discuss.python.org/t/33555>`_
      for technical details of why we're surfacing this long standing
      platform compatibility problem to developers.
```
